>> Steve: So what we're gonna do is
we are going to implement it in our
application, our job is right now,
Mike set up push.
And push, he set up for
that termination, but
we can also send other
things from there as well.
What we're gonna try to do is,
we're getting already a JSON payload
every time an order is placed.
So every time an order is placed we will
receive that payload and we're gonna
notify the user that hello, everything's
great, your order has been placed.
This is ideally an Instacart clone, right?
So they have placed the order,
they have gone about their business,
we wanna tell them after the fact
that everything is good to go.